tfjs-example.md, before:

- [webcam-transfer-learning](https://storage.googleapis.com/tfjs-examples/webcam-transfer-learning/dist/index.html)迁移学习小游戏
- [beginner-tensorflowjs-examples-in-javascript/](https://hpssjellis.github.io/beginner-tensorflowjs-examples-in-javascript/)
- [Browser-Sentiment-Classification](https://hpssjellis.github.io/beginner-tensorflowjs-examples-in-javascript/tf-examples/Browser-Sentiment-Classification/index.html)
- [sentiment-classification-from-keras-to-the-browser](https://medium.com/@alyafey22/sentiment-classification-from-keras-to-the-browser-7eda0d87cdc6)
- [Browser-Sentiment-Classification](https://github.com/zaidalyafeai/Browser-Sentiment-Classification)
- [Interactive Machine Learning list](https://inbrowser.ai/)
- [keras-js](https://transcranial.github.io/keras-js/#/) Good
- [11 Javascript Machine Learning Libraries for 2019](https://blog.bitsrc.io/11-javascript-machine-learning-libraries-to-use-in-your-app-c49772cca46c)
- [JavaScript API for face detection and face recognition in the browser and nodejs with tensorflow.js](https://justadudewhohacks.github.io/face-api.js/face_recognition) Great!
- [rocksetta.com](https://www.rocksetta.com/tensorflowjs/)
- [aijs.rocks](https://aijs.rocks/inspire/)
- [ROLLUP V. WEBPACK V. PARCEL](https://x-team.com/blog/rollup-webpack-parcel-comparison/)
- [CORS](https://enable-cors.org/server_nginx.html)

### Tensorflow Js tutorial
- [Using TensorFlow.js to Automate the Chrome Dinosaur Game (part 1)](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/automating-chrome-dinosaur-game-part-1-290578f13907)
- [Using Genetic Algorithms to Automate the Chrome Dinosaur Game (Part 2)](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/using-genetic-algorithms-to-automate-the-chrome-dinosaur-game-part-2-1c0007334297)
- [tfjs-tutorials繁体汉语教程翻译](https://github.com/NoobTW/tfjs-tutorials)

### Google Tensorflowjs Demo
- [emojiscavengerhunt.withgoogle.com](https://emojiscavengerhunt.withgoogle.com/)
- [webcam-transfer-learning](https://storage.googleapis.com/tfjs-examples/webcam-transfer-learning/dist/index.html)
### Teachable Machine 
- [teachable-machine-boilerplate](https://googlecreativelab.github.io/teachable-machine-boilerplate/)

### tensorflowjs_converter 转换生成的文件说明
- web_model.pb （数据流图）这是旧版本才生成的文件？
- weights_manifest.json （重量清单文件）
- group1-shard*of* （二进制权重文件的集合）

### gitpod-alternatives
- [https://www.slant.co/options/30317/alternatives/~gitpod-alternatives](https://www.slant.co/options/30317/alternatives/~gitpod-alternatives)
- [alternatives/gitpod](https://www.producthunt.com/alternatives/gitpod)

### Wechat tfjs
- [HunterXuan](https://hunterx.xyz/train-model-with-tfjs.html)
- [wx-tfjs-demo](https://github.com/HunterXuan/wx-tfjs-demo)

### React Native tfjs
- [React Native Experimenting with TensorFlow.js](https://t73liu.github.io/posts/experimenting-with-tfjs/)

Commit message:

how-to-resolve-the-error-on-react-native-start

tfjs-example.md, after:

- [webcam-transfer-learning](https://storage.googleapis.com/tfjs-examples/webcam-transfer-learning/dist/index.html)迁移学习小游戏
- [beginner-tensorflowjs-examples-in-javascript/](https://hpssjellis.github.io/beginner-tensorflowjs-examples-in-javascript/)
- [Browser-Sentiment-Classification](https://hpssjellis.github.io/beginner-tensorflowjs-examples-in-javascript/tf-examples/Browser-Sentiment-Classification/index.html)
- [sentiment-classification-from-keras-to-the-browser](https://medium.com/@alyafey22/sentiment-classification-from-keras-to-the-browser-7eda0d87cdc6)
- [Browser-Sentiment-Classification](https://github.com/zaidalyafeai/Browser-Sentiment-Classification)
- [Interactive Machine Learning list](https://inbrowser.ai/)
- [keras-js](https://transcranial.github.io/keras-js/#/) Good
- [11 Javascript Machine Learning Libraries for 2019](https://blog.bitsrc.io/11-javascript-machine-learning-libraries-to-use-in-your-app-c49772cca46c)
- [JavaScript API for face detection and face recognition in the browser and nodejs with tensorflow.js](https://justadudewhohacks.github.io/face-api.js/face_recognition) Great!
- [rocksetta.com](https://www.rocksetta.com/tensorflowjs/)
- [aijs.rocks](https://aijs.rocks/inspire/)
- [ROLLUP V. WEBPACK V. PARCEL](https://x-team.com/blog/rollup-webpack-parcel-comparison/)
- [CORS](https://enable-cors.org/server_nginx.html)

### Tensorflow Js tutorial
- [Using TensorFlow.js to Automate the Chrome Dinosaur Game (part 1)](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/automating-chrome-dinosaur-game-part-1-290578f13907)
- [Using Genetic Algorithms to Automate the Chrome Dinosaur Game (Part 2)](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/using-genetic-algorithms-to-automate-the-chrome-dinosaur-game-part-2-1c0007334297)
- [tfjs-tutorials繁体汉语教程翻译](https://github.com/NoobTW/tfjs-tutorials)

### Google Tensorflowjs Demo
- [emojiscavengerhunt.withgoogle.com](https://emojiscavengerhunt.withgoogle.com/)
- [webcam-transfer-learning](https://storage.googleapis.com/tfjs-examples/webcam-transfer-learning/dist/index.html)
### Teachable Machine 
- [teachable-machine-boilerplate](https://googlecreativelab.github.io/teachable-machine-boilerplate/)

### tensorflowjs_converter 转换生成的文件说明
- web_model.pb （数据流图）这是旧版本才生成的文件？
- weights_manifest.json （重量清单文件）
- group1-shard*of* （二进制权重文件的集合）

### gitpod-alternatives
- [https://www.slant.co/options/30317/alternatives/~gitpod-alternatives](https://www.slant.co/options/30317/alternatives/~gitpod-alternatives)
- [alternatives/gitpod](https://www.producthunt.com/alternatives/gitpod)

### Wechat tfjs
- [HunterXuan](https://hunterx.xyz/train-model-with-tfjs.html)
- [wx-tfjs-demo](https://github.com/HunterXuan/wx-tfjs-demo)

### React Native tfjs
- [React Native Experimenting with TensorFlow.js](https://t73liu.github.io/posts/experimenting-with-tfjs/) [how-to-resolve-the-error-on-react-native-start](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58120990/how-to-resolve-the-error-on-react-native-start)
